{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 NOTES \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx2461\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs18 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2461\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2461\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 -	GWAS studies have demonstrated that individual common risk variants can overlap across traditional diagnostic boundaries and that disorders such as schizo, mdd, bipload may can have genetic correlations. \
-	GWASs have also demonstrated that common genetic variation contributes to the heritability of brain disorders. This occurs via the combination of many common variants each with a small individual effect. \
-	In addition to locus discover, the degree of distinctiveness across neurological and psychiatric phenotypes can be evaluated with the introduction of novel heritability based methods and sufficiently large sample sizesc= vfor robus heritability analsuysis. \
-	These analyses can shed light on the nature of diagnostic boundaries and explore the extent of shared common variant geneic infleunces. \
-	GWAS summary statistics for the 42 disorders and phenotypes were centralized and underwent uniform quality control and processing. \
\pard\tx2461\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f1 To avoid potential bias, only used European ancestry and generated new meta-analyses for those datasets where the original sample sets had diverse ancestries. \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f1 Novel heritability used estimation method, LDSC was used to calculate herability estimates and correlations, as well as to estimate their statistical significance from block jackknife SEs. \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f1 Formally, we estimated common variant heritability (H2G) for each disorder defined as the proportion of phenotypic variance in the population that could theoretically be explained by an optimal linear predictor formed using the additive effects of all common autosomal SNPs. \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 o	
\f1 Genetic correlation for a pair of phenotypes is defined as the correlation between their optimial genetic predictors. \
\pard\tx2461\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Genetic correlation between TS and iron-related traits were evaluated by LD score (LDSC) regression analysis. LDSC regression analysis uses the summary statistics from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) of two traits of interest to estimate the heritability and genetic correlation of these traits. TS summary statistics were derived from the most recent TS GWAS of 4819 European ancestry TS cases and 9488 population-matched controls (Yu, et al., 2019). GWAS summary statistics for two iron-related traits, ferritin and transferrin, are available at LD Hub, GWAS studies of both iron-related traits were performed on 23,986 European ancestry samples collected by the Genetics of Iron Status Consortium (GISC) (Benyamin, et al., 2014). The genetic correlations between ferritin, transferrin, and TS were evaluated at LD Hub, and Bonferroni correction was applied for multiple testing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
\
}